### Kevin Sullivan writings on the foundations and practice of programming.

Welcome to CS1, Fall 2015! You are about to learn how to solve interesting and important problems in highly creative ways by developing and evolving software and software-based systems. 

I am writing a book for your use, which is contained right here in this repository! Accompanying the book are many example programs. You will be able easily to run (and change!) every program that you read about in the book.To use this book and the associated materials, just clone its GitHub repository onto your machine. Don't worry, I'll show you exactly how to do that. It's a simple, one-line command. 

I will be further developing and changing the book as we go. To give you super-easy access to updates in real time, I will be using the very same tools and techniques that communities of world-class software designers everywhere use to develop and evolve software programs. In particular, I'm using the "git distributed version control system", and the "GitHub" service. The git program enables you to get for yourself a complete copy of the entire history and current state of a project, such as this book project by issuing a simple command on your computer. You can then easily get further updates as they are posted with one more very simple command. "GitHub" is just a commercial service where it's easy for developers to post and update so-called git repositories so that they, and others, can clone (copy) them, and share updates. 

I will teach you how to use git and GitHub because they are no so central to how programming is done. You don't even have to understand programming to use git and GitHub. They are outstanding tools for keeping and sharing a history, the current state, and evolving changes to any kind of textual materials. You'll love finding out how to use these tools. I'll start by teaching you how to clone this repo to get the book! After that, all you will have to do to get my updates is type "git pull".

The materials I'm providing to you are free for your educational use, of course, as outlined below. At this point in time, I do ask that you respect the following annoyingly legal conditions for the use of my writings for this class. Here they are.

#### Materials in this repository are Copyright (c) Kevin J. Sullivan 2015. All rights reserved.

Kevin Sullivan grants a royalty-free license to students and faculty who are either enrolled in or working full time at non-commercial educational institutions to copy, use, and modify the materials contained in this git repository for personal, educational and non-commercial purposes only. This license expires when a student or faculty member is no longer enrolled or working full time at a non-commercial educational institution. Any further copying, use, or modification of these materials is prohibited. The copying, use, or modification of these materials for commercial purposes or by commercial organizations or their employees is strictly prohibited except with the express written permission of Kevin Sullivan. Licensees are welcome to suggest corrections or enhancements to this book. By doing so they grant Kevin Sullivan a perpetual, royalty-free, world-wide license to incorporate said suggested changes or enhancements into this electronic book, including its natural language text, programming, graphical, sound, video, and other elements. This grant of rights includes rights to copy, modify, reproduce, or to use said materials without limitation. Public acknowledgement of such changes will be provided as part of the evolving content of this book/repository, in an Acknowledgements section of the repository. 


#### Errors? Suggestions?

If you find errors in, or wish to make suggestions concerning, this electronic book, you can email me. But better yet, you can make the suggested fixes in your local copy and issue a "git pull request." That's a request that I incorporate changes you've made locally into my master copy of the book. I'm happy to consider suggestions about corrections and enhancements. 
